[0.71][Android] Update pages on New Architecture for 71 (#3453)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/build-speed.md

Building your React Native app could be **expensive** and take several minutes of developers time.
This can be problematic as your project grows and generally in bigger organizations with multiple React Native developers.

To mitigate this performance hit, this page shares some suggestions on how to **improve your build time**.

> :::info

Reviewer: Does it make sense at all to keep this page, given all the prefab/prebuilt work?

Author: Yes as you might still have 3rd party libraries that have C++ code. So there is a native compilation step involved anyway.

> If you're noticing slower build with the **New Architecture on Android**, we recommend to upgrade to React Native 0.71

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're noticing slower build time with the **New Architecture on Android**, we recommend to upgrade to React Native 0.71
```

:::

## Build only one ABI during development (Android-only)

When building your android app locally, by default you build all the 4 [Application Binary Interfaces (ABIs)](https://developer.android.com/ndk/guides/abis) : `armeabi-v7a`, `arm64-v8a`, `x86` & `x86_64`.

However, you probably don't need to build all of them if you're building locally and testing your emulator or on a physical device.

This should reduce your **native build time** by a ~75% factor.

> If you're using the React Native CLI, you can use the `--active-arch-only` flag together with the `run-android` command. This flag will make sure the correct ABI is picked up from either the running emulator or the plugged in phone. To confirm that this approach is working fine, you'll see a message like `info Detected architectures arm64-v8a` on console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using the React Native CLI, you can add the `--active-arch-only` flag to the `run-android` command. This flag will make sure the correct ABI is picked up from either the running emulator or the plugged in phone. To confirm that this approach is working fine, you'll see a message like `info Detected architectures arm64-v8a` on console.
```
